centos-ssh/install.adoc, before:

== Install Docker Engine and Compose

=== Install Docker Engine on CentOS 7

--------
# tee /etc/yum.repos.d/docker.repo <<-'EOF'
[dockerrepo]
name=Docker Repository
baseurl=https://yum.dockerproject.org/repo/main/centos/7/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://yum.dockerproject.org/gpg
EOF

# yum install docker-engine
# service docker start
--------

=== Install Docker Engine on Fedora

--------
# tee /etc/yum.repos.d/docker.repo <<-'EOF'
[dockerrepo]
name=Docker Repository
baseurl=https://yum.dockerproject.org/repo/main/fedora/$releasever/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://yum.dockerproject.org/gpg
EOF

# yum install docker-engine
# service docker start
--------

=== Setup for non-root account

If you use docker with non-root account,
add the account to "docker" group
(usermod below is effective after re-login tho the account).

--------
# usermod -a -G docker <you-account-name>
--------

=== Install Docker Compose on CentOS 7 or Fedora

--------
# curl -L https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.8.0/docker-compose-`uname -s`-`uname -m` > /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
# chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
--------

=== Docker Official Installation document

See https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/ and
https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/
for more detail and up-to-date installation document
of Docker Engine and Compose.

Commit message:

Update install.adoc; recent Docker Engine on CentOS 7 may not have "docker" group

centos-ssh/install.adoc, after:

== Install Docker Engine and Compose

=== Install Docker Engine on CentOS 7

--------
# tee /etc/yum.repos.d/docker.repo <<-'EOF'
[dockerrepo]
name=Docker Repository
baseurl=https://yum.dockerproject.org/repo/main/centos/7/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://yum.dockerproject.org/gpg
EOF

# yum install docker-engine
# service docker start
--------

=== Install Docker Engine on Fedora

--------
# tee /etc/yum.repos.d/docker.repo <<-'EOF'
[dockerrepo]
name=Docker Repository
baseurl=https://yum.dockerproject.org/repo/main/fedora/$releasever/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://yum.dockerproject.org/gpg
EOF

# yum install docker-engine
# service docker start
--------

=== Setup for non-root account

If you use docker with non-root account,
add the account to "docker" group
(usermod below is effective after re-login tho the account).

--------
# usermod -a -G docker <you-account-name>
--------

[NOTE]
===============================
As of 1.12.6 on CentOS 7, the Docker group name is no longer "docker"
but "dockerroot". If this is the case, run the following command
instead.

--------
# usermod -a -G dockerroot <you-account-name>
--------

Also, dockerroot group may not have read/write access to the
docker.sock file. If so, change the group of the file to dockerroot.

--------
# ls -l /var/run/docker.sock
srw-rw----. 1 root root 0 May 29 01:48 /var/run/docker.sock
# chown root:dockerroot /var/run/docker.sock
--------

===============================

=== Install Docker Compose on CentOS 7 or Fedora

--------
# curl -L https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.8.0/docker-compose-`uname -s`-`uname -m` > /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
# chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
--------

=== Docker Official Installation document

See https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/ and
https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/
for more detail and up-to-date installation document
of Docker Engine and Compose.
